[PDP-1039] Add documentation for Allowed IP Addresses in cluster agent tokens (#2250)
buildkite/docs: pages/clusters/manage_clusters.md

1. Select a user or team.
1. Click _Add Maintainer_.

### Restrict access for a cluster token by IP address

Each cluster token can be locked down so that only agents with an allowed IP address can use them to register.

You can set the _Allowed IP Addresses_ when creating a token, or you can modify existing tokens:

1. Navigate to the cluster's _Agent Tokens_.
1. Select the token to which you wish to restrict access.
1. Select _Edit_.

> 1. Update the _Allowed IP Addresses_ setting, using CIDR notation.

Reviewer: I think we should include a link to what we mean here:

```suggestion
1. Update the _Allowed IP Addresses_ setting, using [CIDR notation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Classless_Inter-Domain_Routing).
```

> 1. Click _Save Token_.

Reviewer: Click -> Select:

```suggestion
1. Select _Save Token_.
```

> 1. Update the _Allowed IP Addresses_ setting, using [CIDR notation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Classless_Inter-Domain_Routing).

Reviewer 2: Do we want to clarify how to specify multiple CIDR ranges? I assume it's comma separated? Maybe the UI makes it clear, I haven't peeked just now.

Author: Yeah, the UI shows that:
![CleanShot 2023-06-27 at 12 47 22](https://github.com/buildkite/docs/assets/11305534/ba834db6-7e03-4dba-bcb7-e3db4c4d6845)

but I'll add `space-separated` here

Reviewer 2: Not really a docs question, but does the implementation also allow splitting by comma? People will totally comma separate them without reading the UI text :)

I guess I can check…

<img width="836" alt="image" src="https://github.com/buildkite/docs/assets/15759/5cd4d42a-0ee5-451d-afbd-f8e87e624e7c">

Nope it doesn't allow commas, but at least we're consistent across all `Buildkite::IPAddrList` usage :)
And the UI makes it reasonably clear what's wrong 👍🏼

Author: Yeah, I opted for consistency there. Lack of comma-separation was a little weird, but it's easily enough to add across the board if we get feedback about it

> Note that modifying the _Allowed IP Addresses_ will forcefully disconnect any existing agents with IP addresses that fall outside the updated value. This will prevent the completion of any jobs in progress on those agents.

Reviewer: General tightening:

```suggestion
Modifying the _Allowed IP Addresses_ forcefully disconnects any existing agents with IP addresses outside the updated value. This prevents the completion of any jobs in progress on those agents.
```

> There is a maximum of 24 addresses per agent token, and IPv6 is currently not supported.

Reviewer 3: "24 addresses" reads like a whopping 24 individual addresses, instead of 24 netblocks

Author: Perhaps this?
```suggestion
There is a maximum of 24 CIDR blocks per agent token, and IPv6 is currently not supported.
```
